test-catbeforemount: fail
test-catdir: fail
test-catfiledoesntexist: fail
test-catfile: fail
test-catnoargs: fail
test-cattoomanyargs: fail
test-emptyfile: pass
test-exit: pass
test-firstdisk-lsall: pass
test-help: pass
test-inodebeforemount: fail
test-inodedir: pass
test-inodefiledoesntexist: fail
test-inodefile: pass
test-inoderoot: pass
test-inodetoomanyargs: fail
test-istatbeforemount: fail
test-istatinodedoesntexist: fail
test-istatnodedir: pass
test-istatnodefile: pass
test-istatroot: fail
test-istatwrongargtype: fail
test-listbeforemount: fail
test-magic: fail
test-mountemptyfile: fail
test-mountnoargs: fail
test-mountnodisk: fail
test-mounttoomanyargs: fail
test-mounttwice: pass
